Initial work on option lenght selection (#259)
tldr-pages/tldr-python-client: README.md

export TLDR_CACHE_MAX_AGE=720
export TLDR_PAGES_SOURCE_LOCATION="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tldr-pages/tldr/main/pages"
export TLDR_DOWNLOAD_CACHE_LOCATION="https://tldr-pages.github.io/assets/tldr.zip"
export TLDR_SHORT_OPTIONS=1

> export TLDR_LONG_OPTIONS=1

Reviewer: How about changing this to just one env var: `TLDR_OPTIONS=short/long/both`?
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/15253#discussion_r1957144978

Author: Thanks, I completely forgot that that discussion.

  - it can also point to a local directory using `file:///path/to/directory`.
- `TLDR_DOWNLOAD_CACHE_LOCATION` to control where to pull a zip of all pages from.
  - defaults to `https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/releases/latest/download/tldr.zip`.

### Command options

> Pages might contain `{{[*|*]}}` pattern to let the client decice whether to show shortfrom or longform versions of options. This can be configured with `TLDR_OPTIONS` and it accepts values `short`, `long` and `both`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pages might contain `{{[*|*]}}` patterns to let the client decide whether to show shortform or longform versions of options. This can be configured with `TLDR_OPTIONS`, which accepts values `short`, `long` and `both`
```
